[IMP] payment(_*): show available currencies for payment providers (#2788)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/payment_providers.rst

Restrict the use of the payment provider to a selection of countries. Leave this field blank to make
the payment provider available in all countries.

Currencies
**********

All payment providers have a different list of supported currencies. These lists are preconfigured

> and available in the Configuration tab. It serves as a first filter for payment operations. There

Reviewer: Don't forget to use `:guilabel:` for all element displayed on the screen
```suggestion
and available in the :guilabel:`Configuration` tab. It serves as a first filter for payment operations. There
```

Restrict the use of the payment provider to a selection of countries. Leave this field blank to make
the payment provider available in all countries.

Currencies
**********

All payment providers have a different list of supported currencies. These lists are preconfigured
and available in the :guilabel:`Configuration` tab. They serve as a first filter during payment
operations, i.e. the payment provider is not displayed as available for payment if the currency is
not in the supported list. As there might be errors, updates, and unknowns in these lists, it is
possible to add or remove currencies.

If the list of supported currencies is empty, it either means the list is too long to be displayed
or Odoo does not have information on that payment provider. The payment provider remains available,
even though it is possible the payment will be refused at a later stage, should the currency not be

> supported. This field is hidden if the user needs to select a currency when setting up his/her

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
supported. This field is hidden if the user needs to select a currency when setting up their account
```

Restrict the use of the payment provider to a selection of countries. Leave this field blank to make
the payment provider available in all countries.

Currencies
**********

All payment providers have a different list of supported currencies. These lists are preconfigured
and available in the :guilabel:`Configuration` tab. They serve as a first filter during payment
operations, i.e. the payment provider is not displayed as available for payment if the currency is
not in the supported list. As there might be errors, updates, and unknowns in these lists, it is
possible to add or remove currencies.

If the list of supported currencies is empty, it either means the list is too long to be displayed,
or Odoo does not have information on that payment provider. The payment provider remains available,
even though it is possible the payment will be refused at a later stage should the currency not be
supported. This field is required if the user needs to select a currency when setting up their

> account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
account.
```
Not sure why I didn't note on this earlier, perhaps I had more context then, but: which account are we talking about exactly ? I'm *guessing* the one from the provider, but as of right now, it is unclear.

Author: Yes, you guess right. For some providers (authorize & asiapay), the account is linked to a single currency that is defined when the account is created on the payment provider website.
